# Example of Remix (React 18) with Theme UI

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Theme UI Docs](https://theme-ui.com/getting-started)

## How this work

By leveraging Emotion's server-side caching to enable Theme UI server-side rendering

### Related files

```
- app/
  - routes
    - index.tsx
  - styles/
    - context.tsx
    - createEmotionCache.tsx
    - theme.tsx
  - entry.client.tsx
  - entry.server.tsx
  - root.tsx
```

1. `index.tsx` - Styling with `sx` prop by adding the `/** @jsxImportSource theme-ui */` comment to the top
2. `context.tsx` - Creates the server and client context.
3. `createEmotionCache.tsx` - Create an instance of [Emotion cache](https://emotion.sh/docs/@emotion/cache).
4. `theme.tsx` - Theme UI's theme file
5. `entry.client.tsx` - Consumes the emotion cache generated by the server and creates a provider that is then passed on the the app.
6. `entry.server.tsx` - Create the markup with the styles injected to serve on the server response.
7. `root.tsx` - Wrapping of `ThemeProvider` over `Outlet`

## Development

From your terminal:

```sh
npm run dev
```

This starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

## Deployment

First, build your app for production:

```sh
npm run build
```

Then run the app in production mode:

```sh
npm start
```

Now you'll need to pick a host to deploy it to.

### DIY

If you're familiar with deploying node applications, the built-in Remix app server is production-ready.

Make sure to deploy the output of `remix build`

- `build/`
- `public/build/`

### Using a Template

When you ran `npx create-remix@latest` there were a few choices for hosting. You can run that again to create a new project, then copy over your `app/` folder to the new project that's pre-configured for your target server.

```sh
cd ..
# create a new project, and pick a pre-configured host
npx create-remix@latest
cd my-new-remix-app
# remove the new project's app (not the old one!)
rm -rf app
# copy your app over
cp -R ../my-old-remix-app/app app
```
